Say anything
Don't be polite to me.
Businesses large and small in poor cities
All participated in this
In the cooperation of tens of billions of projects
Only the Jiang family was rejected
Are you really not going to cooperate with the Jiang family?
They are indeed my family
But they are too self-righteous
Although these projects are used by my grandfather to practice
I can't give it to them even if it's like this.
But
Miss Jiang has been making a fuss downstairs to see you
You see
Let him in!
Piece of cake.
This is the chives that my sister packed for you by herself.
Egg stuffed dumplings
Try it and see if you like it.
Wow, these dumplings look so beautiful.
As long as you like to eat
Sister will make it for you every day in the future.
I don't know.
I am allergic to leeks